before trading in the leathers for low
cut ease and moody moonlight drags
Capcom is giving fans one last shot at
the Dante we all know and love and devil
may cry HD collection which remasters
the first three games of the iconic
stylish action series for those who've
yet to experience what this freewheeling
pizza-eating Demon Slayer has to offer
we've put together just a few points
detailing just what the hubub is all
about as well as what's new in this
updated trip back into the underworld
well well what do we have here nancial
calls send it back
known the world over for its lavish take
on action games Devil May Cry brings its
long-standing influence on the genre to
bear in a mechanically deep system that
continues to feel every bit as
responsive now as it did back then
Dante's brand of combat in particular
brings a broad set of weapons play
styles and demonic powers to the table
culminating in a devilishly decadent
combo game where access equals
excellence out on the battlefield within
moments of stepping foot upon Molay
island it's clear the series
characteristic emphasis on stylish
action hasn't changed a bit hitting the
players imagination and reflexes against
the island's unruly Denison's purchasing
additional arms and abilities over time
adds fuel to the fire slowly
transforming players into the cool and
confident character that stands at the 4
of this unique action series I only take
special jobs if you know what I mean
you think you got something inside
with more than a few nods to Western
mythology Japanese anime and the
chop-socky extravagance of Hong Kong
cinema the game's amusing story
certainly stands out with its flippant
attitude and vibe taking control of the
half human half demon offspring of the
legendary Dark Knight Sparta players
undertake a quest to rid the world of
the dark Emperor mundus as well as
discover the roots of Dante's mysterious
family history bizarre and sometimes
ominous but always in the spirit of
delivering a light-hearted experience
spiked with cheesy humor and outrageous
action scenes Devil May Cry
unhesitatingly engages you with the
absurdity of its tongue and cheek antics
which is a treat in an era of games that
take themselves way too seriously
Dante's impassioned monologue near the
end of the first game stands out as a
notable classic eventually I should hit
the jackpot sooner or later
though decidedly still good looking over
a decade later each Devil May Cry game
has received a noticeable visual upgrade
bringing these games up to speed with
similar recent retro releases crisper
game assets and a new 16 by 9 resolution
Philip flat screens with an unmitigated
view of the action while additions like
achievement and trophy support add
something new for 2012
and that's just the first game with
updated versions of the original trilogy
in tow for this retro revamped ride
devil may cry HD collection definitely
seems like a must for fans of all things
action but do these ps2 classics really
still hold up after all this time check
back soon for the full review I'm
absolutely crazy about it